Usage: evalsensor [options...] <sensor-file> <impact-file1>
                              [<impact-file2>...]
Usage: evalsensor [options...] none <impact-file1> [<impact-file2>...]
A command to read in one or more sensor placements and summarize their
performance according to various metrics.

options:

      --all-locs-feasible     A boolean flag that indicates that all locations
                              are treated as feasible.
      --costs                 A file with the cost information for each
                              location id.
      --debug                 A boolean flag that adds output information
                              about each incident.
      --format                The type of output that the evaluation will
                              generate:
                               cout  Generates output that is easily read.
                                      (default)
                               xls   Generates output that is easily
                                      imported into a MS Excel spreadsheet.
                               xml   Generates an XML-formated output that
                                      is used to communicate with the TEVA
                                      GUI.  (Not currently supported.)
      --gamma                 The fraction of the tail distribution used to
                              compute the VaR and TCE performance measures.
                              (The default value is 0.05).
  -h, --help                  Display usage information
      --incident-weights      A file with the weights of the different
                              contamination incidents.
      --nodemap               A file with the node map information, for
                              translating node IDs into junction labels.
  -r, --responseTime          This parameter indicates the number of minutes
                              that are needed to respond to the detection of a
                              continant.  As the response time increases, the
                              impact increases because the contaminant affects
                              the network for a greater length of time. Unit:
                              minutes.
      --sc-probabilities      A file with the probability of detection for
                              each sensor category.
      --scs                   A file with the sensor category information for
                              each location id.
      --version               Display version information

arguments:

  sensor-file:  A sensor placement file, which contains one or more sensor
      placements that will be evaluated.  If 'none' is specified, then
      evalsensor will evaluate impacts with no sensors.

  impact-file:  A file that contains the impact data concerning contamination
      incidents.  If one or more impact files are specified, then evaluations
      are performed for each impact separately.

Note that options like 'responseTime' can be specified with the syntax
'--responseTime 10.0' or '--responseTime=10.0'.
